Here it comes to show by this Nistos
to show you that this reproduction
compliant allows for conservation of
genotype then I take back my cell
initial mother with three chromosomes
different so two formulas
chromosome n equals i'm going there
locate genes and each gene will have
a version given a version to the eic
so here for example I'm going to have the
embarrassment to
and the version with the eic complexion I
know very well that you are 2 chromatic
sisters are exactly the same
have maybe watch the video on the
replication is therefore logical on this
chromatic that carries the information
great at his hours chromatics at
mandatory no information big steps
I take another chromosome so
necessarily there are other genes
carried by this chromosome let's imagine by
example gmb and then this little chromosome
this hussian look will carry the information
b1 so I loved big b 1
and as I just explained them
two traumatized tensor I have good and
well and then finally another chromozone
which contains other genes and there I
will put or hazard on this blockade
the information the gnc who is going to have
information allelic aversion his
price it's this mother cell so
for genotype at b1 deleted here is
the writing I put there typical of your
mother cell she owns for each
rom to ty for each chromosome of
chromatic but it does not appear in
genotypic writing in metaphase he
there is no reason that things
change so I have the information assures
the big I have the information b1 on the
small and I have the information
these bonuses on the size chromosome
average during the phase with
disjunction of chromes atide
and well the chromatic of the big
chromosome climbs hall her sister
migrate to the other pole always with
information to the croma ty who
included the chromatic of the small
chromosomes that includes information from
a name migrate to a pole
chromatic sister migrate to each other
pole and finally the chromatic portel
information these premiums migrate to a
pole his sister migrate to the other pole
in the end I have two daughter cells
one who has the information
art b 1 these bonuses and the other oh well
nothing surprising that possesses
information to b1 these bonuses is so
there you demonstrate that this cell girl
to run genotype ab1 this premium this
cell girl also for
genetic information for genotype ab1
his premiums
in other words my mother cell was at b1
these crimes
she gives birth by mitosis to two
girl cells strictly identical
genetically ab1 these premiums to well these
bonuses you just demonstrated that the
mitosis is a consistent reproduction of
the cell